Improve documentations (#229)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-twilio: examples/calls/delete-call-log/Delete call log.md

## Prerequisites

### 1. Set up

> Refer to the setup guidein [ReadMe](../../../README.md) for necessary credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the setup guide in [ReadMe](../../../README.md) for necessary credentials.
```

Author: Changed with [ee499ad](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-twilio/pull/229/commits/ee499adf680b027f71751549560724dd5e09a396).
